README.md, before:

# CentOps

Bürokratt Central Operations

### Dev environment setup

- Run setup-components.sh to setup to clone & build the images for all components `./setup-components.sh`

- Run `docker compose up -d`

- To create the DB tables, run `bash init-databases.sh` in `./`

##### Notes

- If you made changes to ruuter, rebuild the image again using `docker build -t ruuter .`

- If you made changes to resql, rebuild the image again using `docker build -t resql .`

- If you made changes to tim, rebuild the image again using `docker build -t tim .`

- If you made changes to data mapper, rebuild the image again using `docker build -t docker build -t datamapper .`

### Database setup

- For setting up the users database initially, run
  `docker run --platform linux/amd64 --network=bykstack riaee/byk-users-db:liquibase20220615 --url=jdbc:postgresql://database:5432/users_db --username=byk --password=01234 --changelog-file=./master.yml update`
- Run migrations added in this repository by running the helper script `./migrate.sh`
- When creating new migrations, use the helper `./create-migration.sh name-of-migration` which will create a timestamped file in the correct directory and add the required headers

Commit message:

14 Bürokratt processes Participants' requests to start using Bürokratt (#73)
* Add docker compose with Ruuter, Resql, Liquibase and DataMapper

* Add GUI dummy code

* Dummy end-to-end example

* Add TIM service

* Ignore tim-db folder

* Implement invitation creation

* Implement unique invitation id saving

* Implement GUI

* Fix create-table-invitation migration

* Create translations, improve error handling

* Clear error once new request is sent

* Add auth mock to invitation creation

* Rename DB table

* Add missing translations

* Fix sql query

* Code styling fixes

* Update invitations DB table with timestamp

* Code styling fixes from PR review

* Create template to validate administrator role

* Move template to more suitable directory

* Create DB table migrations

* Update readme

* Remove implementations from other PR-s

* Update authentication script to match new logic

* Add api endpoint documentation

* Separate public and private ruuter

* Add missing newline

* Initial implementation of checking for unique ID

* Separate public and private GUI

* 18 Require unique ID for application request

* Fix admin template wrong router host

* Implement mock e-mail service

* Add sending mock email to create-invitation DSL

* Remove redundant string cast

* Update API documentation

* Simplify endpoint names

* Update mock service with status code in return

* Split API docs to 3 files

* Implement initial application processing

* Fix API path for invitation

* Change request route to match API structure

* Fix participants viewing & editing

* Fix .gitignore

* Fix docker compose

* Fix merge issues

* Implement updating and deleting participants

* Code style fixes

* Fix incorrect env port from merge changes

* Remove redundant log

* Add missing translation key

* Update README.md

---------

Co-authored-by: baha-a <bhlshrf@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# CentOps

Bürokratt Central Operations

### Dev environment setup

- Run setup-components.sh to setup to clone & build the images for all components `./setup-components.sh`

- Run `docker compose up -d`

- To create the DB tables, run `bash init-databases.sh` in `./`

##### Notes

- If you made changes to ruuter, rebuild the image again using `docker build -t ruuter .`

- If you made changes to resql, rebuild the image again using `docker build -t resql .`

- If you made changes to tim, rebuild the image again using `docker build -t tim .`

- If you made changes to data mapper, rebuild the image again using `docker build -t docker build -t datamapper .`

- Ruuter configuration should be changed for all the endpoints to work. PUT and DELETE should be added to the allowedMethodTypes array. See more information https://github.com/buerokratt/Ruuter/blob/65889552329249665e48656ed866cdf99cda391f/samples/CONFIGURATION.md

### Database setup

- For setting up the users database initially, run
  `docker run --platform linux/amd64 --network=bykstack riaee/byk-users-db:liquibase20220615 --url=jdbc:postgresql://database:5432/users_db --username=byk --password=01234 --changelog-file=./master.yml update`
- Run migrations added in this repository by running the helper script `./migrate.sh`
- When creating new migrations, use the helper `./create-migration.sh name-of-migration` which will create a timestamped file in the correct directory and add the required headers
